I'm King each side I lost it popsicles
Greg SPS is the cocksucker and the
douche bag and
what's up soldiers Greg fps as you guys
know I like posting comedy videos on my
channel so I got another one for you
guys today me and my friend a EAH
Audacity decided to play some black ops
2 and my friend has an amazing British
accent his link to his channel is down
in the description he'd beat me in a bed
so I had to give him a shout-out anyways
so I hope you guys enjoyed this video
it's really funny and let me know if you
want to get more let's try to get 30
likes on this video and once we hit that
I'll upload episode 2 thanks for
watching guys and I'll see you later
peace out American okay then what you
for where you from man what do you think
I don't know fucking Japan or some shit
oh fuck download freaking races do you
mean man I don't know where are you
are you talking about how old are you
don't why the fuck are you talking to
connect my class did you drop kicker man
no don't get me wrong man my sister bet
my headset yes and one time we were on
top of the roof through trying to fix
the roof and I fucking a man let me tell
you if you're gonna do it he'll tell
your parents she fell man cuz you don't
wanna know
that you threw your sister off the roof
okay say she fell she fell and then that
your sister is gonna be a bitch about it
man and she's gonna try to rat you out
and say he pushed me he pushed me then
you just tell your parents
she got a concussion and a head of hair
don't know what's going on you know I'm
saying man yeah man they are be advised
I was out here pocket to get back
one time this old lady was cross on the
road yes and what I did is I helped her
across the road and then there was some
other person behind her just a normal
person a beautiful and she says stuff
you want to help me through the road too
and I fucking hit her with my car man
like 6:161 I mean I'm playing in a
retirement home right now funny man
well Roos Mun they're not Ruth everybody
would be killing each other and raping
each other and she wait so you wouldn't
care if there was just a bunch of radium
already killed each other like each
other
you watch people get raped yeah you
should be locked up in a mental
institution your own rape your
girlfriend man like a bodybuilder
because of no rules you said you don't
want how are you gonna get a gun -
Emmett were almost oh you're telling me
that you can go to the dollar store and
they got America losing beef you buy me
one you ship it to America you can
because let me tell you my guy that
believes me every day man asked me to
take off my tie see if he could see me
naked now every day I tell him no and he
doesn't not listen to me man now what I
show them I just want to scare him I'm
not gonna use it oh yeah